dash/dg2-api-default-changes (#21726)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/datagrid/understanding-datagrid.md

Default options for all columns.

```js
columnDefaults: {
    editable: true
}
```

For more information on `columnDefaults` options see the [API reference](https://api.highcharts.com/dashboards/#interfaces/DataGrid_Options.Options-1#columnDefaults).

Caption
---------

The caption of the datagrid grid.

```js
caption: {
    text: 'Title of the DataGrid'
}
```

> For more information on `caption` options see the [API reference](http://localhost:9005/dashboards/#interfaces/DataGrid_Options.Options-1#caption).

Reviewer: It should not be a reference to localhost.

Author: oops, good catch :D

> For more information on `caption` options see the [API reference](http://localhost:9005/dashboards/#interfaces/DataGrid_Options.Options-1#caption).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on `caption` options see the [API reference](https://api.highcharts.com/dashboards/#interfaces/DataGrid_Options.Options-1#caption).
```
